hi I'm charlie and if I could be
anything I'd be a chef hi I'm Charlie
and if I could be anything I'd be a chef
I don't wear a big white chip shop with
white shirt and law to buttonless I'd
cook lots of different kinds of foods
for all of my friends I'd have my very
own restaurant with a big kitchen and
I'll do 10 shows on would need for
cooking
[Music]
like a spatula or a whisk for beating
eggs
baby beep incoming deliciousness beep
beep tasty tasty yum-yum beep-beep
bop-bop if my kitchen would be full of
different kinds of ingredients and weed
for cooking different kinds of foods and
spices
I put all the vegetables into a big bowl
mmm broccoli and cherry tomatoes are
delicious I'd make a salad for my friend
Danny I'd rip up the salad into small
pieces then toss everything together and
of course add some feta cheese on top
[Music]
off to Danny's house to deliver my food
Danny is a dragon
dig in Danny your favorite Danny needs
to learn some manners but Danielle's a
party for all of his dragon friends it's
my job as the chef to cook up the feast
[Music]
lots of cheese and spinach Danny loves
spinach and his dragon lasagna for
dessert I'd make big chocolate banana
splits lots and lots of sprinkles
dragons loves sprinkles everyone would
come eat at my restaurant Goggins like
ice cream because they're always burning
their tongues of fire an ice cream is
super cold so it feels good on their
tongues ice cream is also super sweet
and chocolate everyone loves my cooking
[Music]
I'm Charlie and I'm a chef